say he's a full-time DJ you know I'm
saying that he's the baddest around and
this is a comedy competition I don't
know what that got to do with anything
we talking about right now y'all give it
up my man Ryan cameraman what's up
what's up I ain't no future my front
where everybody in the house who broke
tonight you broke it you ain't scared to
say you broke way you read makes them
know as I dad you broke you know you
broke you've been waiting on the first
sister 15 you ain't trying to pay the
rent you trying to pay the late fee
what's up if you are broken you ever
been broke you know poor people trivia
you know poor people chip it don't
matter if you black white or orange
we don't do poor people trip you're high
when you are cooking Oh fried bologna
sandwich y'all don't hit me when you are
cooking on fried bologna sandwich and
the balloon it bubbles up in the middle
it is time to do what flip it over
people in the house
oh-ho I eat black bow steak I eat
Church's Chicken anybody use her
teaching uh-uh
no they change the recipe the chicken
the got too big for me I went to church
or a drumstick fed me 14 other people I
think what Saul Feeny chicken went down
to the church's chicken farm chicken
down there on steroids
check it walk around I did
anybody still got your grandparents to
the live you appreciate them anybody got
your grandparents still alive all people
when they get old el-kheir by letting
them over being alive right belly no
heat no air
we're not my grandmother how's our hot
game 15 degrees the devil sitting on the
front porch on my boy tell your
grandmama so now I say broke my turn now
Oh turn on the fan of Sun she turned on
the fan fan got one blade phantom I
appear to fall off
tried to get a ride here in LA cause
talk to you they come out so fast me you
run out of gas I'm trying to get a ride
trying to hitchhike here come to come no
I go into a club fingers a bright Club
fire white man come out with banjos
beers down to here big hats I knew
something was up when the music came on
we're gonna do what God hears y'all
ready I'll say it whoo
there it is I said
- oh I said we will clear it is I said
oh don't you know Shakalaka is it the
song that's a black word right like
Shaka Zulu the white man told it up
Osaka wocka wocka wocka chocka Locka ha
saga
Boyka whenever I carry Pisa